>> Mark Avensky: Hi,
I'm Mark Avensky from FundaMasters.
>> Jen Kramer: Hi, I'm Jen Kramer from
Harvard University Extension School.
>> Mark Avensky: And
we created this fundamentals course so
that you have the tools you need
to start learning programming.
And Jen has a ton of
experience doing this.
>> Jen Kramer: I have been
teaching beginners for 18 years.
And I have seen a lot of different places
where they get tripped up along the way.
So in this course, we're gonna be talking
about a whole bunch of different things.
We'll talk about the Internet and
how the Internet works.
We'll talk about domain names and
web hosting, and clients, and servers.
We'll go on to talk about files and
folders, and
how to connect these things in web pages.
How do we connect our HTML and our CSS,
all kinds of things like that.
We'll also talk about CodePen.
And by the end of this course,
you will have a really solid
grounding of all of the technologies
that are used to make a website.
How they all fit together, and you'll
be ready to dive into learning how to
program using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
Sound good, Mark?
>> Mark Avensky: Yeah,
I hope you enjoy the course.
>> Jen Kramer: Thanks.